(1) Description of job, company, your two most important key players, and time period for analysis (from month/year to month/year).  
Summer intern at a start-up company named rosy creations. I was a coordinator between the workers and the owner. The company made imitation jewelry. The owner and his father were the two most important key players. Time period- 1st June 2017- 30th July 2017.
 (2) Specify the evaluation criteria your boss used in evaluating your performance
NOT SURE: 30% for cost control, 30% managing the worker issues, 20% seriousness towards work (punctuality, ability to get work done), 20% for innovative designs or the working process.
 (3) How did your boss evaluate your performance at the END of time period you are analyzing? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. Did he/she give you this evaluation? (Y or N).
NO, I was not evaluated by my boss. For cost control- 6.5, for managing the issues- 7.5, seriousness towards work- 7.5, innovations in designs or working process- 6
How would you evaluate your happiness at work at the END of time period you are analyzing? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. Please explain.
7. the most important thing I got to know was about the issues which workers face every-day and learned how to tackle them. My college reopened due to which I was not able to continue. I was happy to work at a startup company where I could contribute and become more mature.
(4) KEY #1: Cite evidence to support your analysis.
Use Eduard Spranger classification (page 16 in your course text) to analyze your fit with your most important key player:
My boss was economic: He knew how to take work out from the workers, for instance: he used to give the workers deadline for completing project 3 days before the actual deadline. Political: Sometimes he would go against the advices of his people just to show them that he is in-charge. Aesthetic: He travels to Rajasthan often just to visit old forts and temples. He also reads about designing jewelry and has a good eye in catching good designs.      ME- economic: Never received complain about the delivery being late or delay in production. Aesthetic: Interested in philosophy, forts and jewelry designs and also travel to know about different cultures. 
Where on the Culture Map (Figure 5, page 19) -- closest to which corner (Good Soldier, Adapter, Maverick, Rebel) or in the center? -- were you and your most important key player located? What was the extent of the resulting misfit between you two? Please explain.
Belief- Accomplishment of task. As the company was a startup, work done as soon as possible was important. In this matter my belief was in alignment with the company and my behavior was to get done with things as soon as possible. Get maximum work done. So I was a good soldier. My boss also believed in the same thing. So the company’s values, my values and my boss’s values were in alignment that is why I was a good fit for the company.                           Combining assessments using Spranger and Culture Map, what is your overall score for Key #1? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. 
My overall score for key-1 is 7.5-8
(5) KEY #2: Cite evidence to support your analysis.
Where were you located on the flow diagram (Figure 7, page 27)? ) – closest to which corner (apathy/boredom, anxiety, relaxation, flow) or in the comfort zone?
To a fresher everything was challenging but had different skill sets to deal with these issues. I was in the comfort zone as I was not bored and wanted to learn more and gain experience.
Describe your most important challenge (page 28): 
The most important challenge was networking with people (organizational skills). I tend give out more information than required. For e.g. when I was asked about the numbers regarding the production I also went on to say things about which led to these numbers which my boss was not interested in. Negotiating with workers regarding their pay.
 Did you have the skill to address this challenge? (page 28) Please explain.
Yes, I was able to use my skills in negotiations with the workers which I developed during the undergrad and my time working for this company, but I still lack in over information.
How much effort did you put into your job? (page 28) Please explain.
I was motivated to work hard because this was the time I could learn about jewelry business and then apply in my own business. I put in a lot of efforts because I was getting experience and I was learning on how to tackle different day to day issues in a business. I consider learning from mistakes and improving and challenging oneself is the best way to be successful.
Was your motivation job, career or calling (page 29)? Please explain.
For me the motivation was career. Having a same family owned business gives you a lot of motivation to work and learn from different people and to apply the best knowledge in my own business and also to learn from mistakes of different people. 
How much support did you receive from your organization in terms of resources and systems to do your job? (page 32) Please explain.
There was sufficient support from the organization regarding the finances and the human support but the company lacked in terms of educational resources and training programs because it was relatively new company. Their finances and human support was busy with improving the company that’s the reason why they were not able to have educational resources and training.
How much support did you receive from your top two key players and others to do your job? (page 32) Please explain.
I got full support from the owner and his father because I was already in their inner circle and I was trusted because I am his friend and our fathers are friends too. We also know each for the past 5 years. I.e. Before joining the company.
Combining challenges vs. skills, effort and support, what is your overall score for Key #2? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. 
The overall score for key 2 - 7.5
 (6) KEY #3: Cite evidence to support your analysis.
To what extent did your agenda match the agenda of your most important key player? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. Please explain.
7.  He was under the impression that I would work for long term and my agenda was to work for 2 months and leave. But unconsciously he also knew that I had my family and I would want to join that. This did not change the relationship between me and him.
To what extent did your most important key player trust you? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High.  Please explain.
8. We have been friends for 5 years so we know each other outside the company too. Comforted and advised him during his problems. Gave cold hard facts and he was impressed by my loyalty. I helped his father to improve efficiency of a wax machine in for business.
Which base of trust or distrust was most important from the list for character? Please explain.
Integrity- I give him facts which he refuses to acknowledge before but after listening to me he finds them valid. For e.g. He was fighting with the polish worker just because he hurt his ego, I spoke to him and made him think about people going on strike, losses to the factories which he found valid points and then told him that it was his own fault to which he agreed.                Which base of trust or distrust was most important from the list for competence? (Explain).
Interpersonal competence- Before me, company was low on production. When I joined I was bombarded with all the issues faced by the workers which in due time, I was able to solve and the production level increased which was also one of the bases of trust. 
How much power did you have to influence your most important key player? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. Please explain. 
7.5- My decisions related to business and the way his father perceived my views, that gave me an upper hand which in turn increased my influence over him.    
Which base of power was the most important from the list for positional bases? Explain.
Power to allocate or control resources valued by the other person- I was basically the manager of all the operations and also controlled all the usage of materials.  Power to direct the other person- Given full power over the workers 
Which base of power was most important from the list for personal bases?( Please explain)                Fostering the other’s conscious or unconscious identification with you - his father was impressed by me and the knowledge I possessed, so whatever I said was taken seriously and they put a lot of trust in me. The owner was influenced by the father. 
Combining your scores for agenda match, trust and power, what is your overall score for Key #3 for your most important key player? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. 
Overall score-7.5                                                                                                                            (7) What drives YOUR JOB PERFORMANCE?
After you accepted this job and began your first assignment, which of three three keys did you rely on the most to get the job done: Key #1, #2 or #3? Please explain.
I relied on key number 3. I built relationships with important people. Here the boss and the workers were important. With 100 workers, each having different issues and forming unions when demands are not met becomes tough to handle if you don’t have good relations. So to sway them to me, it was important for me to have good working relations with everyone.
What was the most important driver (Key #?) of your performance as evaluated by your boss (your answer to template Question 3) at the END of the time period you are analyzing? Key #1, #2, or #3? Why? Please explain.
My boss expected the same thing from me which I was doing. He expected me to follow key number 3. He wanted someone to have good relation with the workers, so that most of the issues are solved in a proper manner and quickly so that production is not affected.
(8) KEY #4: Cite evidence to support your analysis                                                              Read pages 43-46 and use Figure 10 explain how Key#1, #2 and #3 together influenced your job performance as evaluated by your boss (your answer to Question 3 on this template) at the END of the time period you are analyzing. Please explain.                                                   I got a good performance rating because of the fact that I had good relation with the key players as I gave them good advices and supported them. My vision aligned with the company’s interests proved to be helpful in increasing my performance rating. Support from the other members helped me increase the productivity.                                 
And then, per Figure 10, what was your credibility in the eyes of your boss? 1=Low, 5=Med, 9=High. Please explain. 
7.5 I had good relation with the key players; I had support from the organization and also good relation with other key players like the workers and also my boss’s father. My credibility to be good is because I had personal relation with that family and also the friendship with my boss. 
How was your credibility in the eyes of your boss influenced by how he or she perceived your performance as refracted through the relationship lens (the quality of your relationship with your boss and the situation as perceived by your boss)? Please explain.
As I had good credibility, I was appreciated for small things which did not matter so much. He took my suggestion even for small decisions which he could have taken on his own. I was hyped in front of different people during exhibitions with him stating that I was a good manager. My performance rating may be higher because of the friendship and good bond between him and me. 
 (9) Did you go through a recruiting process before you got the job you are analyzing? Yes or No? 
NO
If you did NOT go through a recruiting process before you got the job you are analyzing, answer the following two questions:  (i) For Key #5, from the list of 20 questions (pages 62-66), which three questions (e.g., 2, 7 and 11) do you think you will need to pay attention to the most when you recruit for a job in the future? Why? Please explain.
1– Knowing that my goals and vision are aligned with the company is important because I will be able to serve the company properly and from time to time I can also complete my personal goals. 14- If I don’t like the boss I won’t be able to build a relation with him and won’t be able to climb up the ladder, I will have to find alternative important players and to find these players and build a relation with them will be tough because of constant interference from my boss. To find things which they like will help me build a good relation with them. 16- I would want to know, why my predecessor was fired or why he left, so that I am able to prepare myself in the areas where I lack and are needed by the organization. Just to know what organization I am walking into.
(ii) Which of the traps described under Key #6 do you think you will need to pay attention to the most when you recruit for a job in the future? Why? Please explain.
1- organizational oversell- because I tend to trust people very fast and also get influenced by people with authority and good facts, 2- Organization seduction- I forget about the important thing if I have some good thing going around for me. These are the traps I am likely to fall into.
 (15) Now apply Mindfulness concepts and tools for a deeper understanding of what was going on inside you during the recruiting phase up to the point that you accepted this job, by analyzing the most critical incident. Describe the critical incident you will be analyzing. If you have ZERO recruiting experience, describe any critical incident in your life when you got angry, mad or felt out of control – and later regretted it.
I was in 3rd year of my undergrad where I failed in a subject in finals and had 2 chances to clear the exam. If I failed in the given 2 chances I would have to go to the 1st year again. I let the 1st try pass thinking that I will study for the last try but when the last try came, I was frustrated and angry on myself because I knowingly put myself in such a situation. Luckily I passed but later regretted not studying earlier and putting myself in a horrible situation. 
For the critical incident that you are analyzing: 
(a) Apply Tool #1: Where were you in the Zone of Resilience? Please explain.
I was below the zone of resilience during my finals and gave up because of the anxiety. I was above the resilience zone during my last try of the exam as I was getting hyper and angry with the situation and did not want to study.
 (b) Apply Tool #2: Mindfulness in Action
(i) What were you seeing, hearing and feeling (e.g. How did you experience the situation?)
I could feel my eyes burning, my chest getting heavy with the burden of passing, my brain was constantly thinking about what I could have done to not be in the position I was in. I was feeling helpless. I could myself shout in dark (inner feeling), crying, and frustration.
 (ii) Was this bringing up something from the past? Please explain.
Yes, Fear of being compared to other people. I was always compared to other intelligent friends, which I used to hate and get angry about. I was mocked by relatives in the childhood for not scoring in the 90s whereas I used to get in higher 80s.
 (iii) Were there judgments or assumptions coloring your perspective? Please explain
Yes, assumptions such as mocking by people which will make me and my family sad.  
 (c) Apply Tool #3: Intention Results Map 
(i) What came before intention? Please explain.
I was under the notion that I have more 2 tries so it’s okay to fail in this one and study for other try. I was wrong when I thought that there is no pressure when you are in this situation. I did not like the subject so I never tried to study it. I found excuses just to not study the subject.
 (ii) Looking back, what could have produced a better result and effect? Please explain.
I was wrong on every step of the intention map. Looking back I think I should have paid attention in the class, not ignored the subject. I would have studied hard if I was not given any option of more 2 tries. The problem was at the very beginning intention. My intention was to avoid studying this subject and clear it in 2 tries. What I could have done to change it- Intention- to pass in the finals, attention- study, perception- only one try to pass otherwise sent to 1st year, choice- study and not give up, action pull an all-nighter and complete, Result- pass.                (16) Now apply Mindfulness concepts and tools for a deeper understanding of what was going on inside you after you joined the company and started this job. Briefly describe the critical incident you will be analyzing.
When I started in the company, I was considered young and unworthy by the head worker. We had a lot of arguments on every step. Once we got an order for 100 rings to be delivered next morning. We were able to complete only 75 rings till the night. When workers started going home I pulled in 3-4 workers and stayed with them the whole night and completed the remaining 25 rings. After this incident the head worker and I started working together. 
For the critical incident that occurred after you joined the company and began the job that your are now analyzing: 
(a) Apply Tool #1: Where were you in the Zone of Resilience? Please explain.
In the start, I was in the red zone because of the frequent arguments and also was not able to complete the first assignment. I was feeling unworthy of the position given to me. 
 (b) Apply Tool #2: Mindfulness in Action
(i) What were you seeing, hearing and feeling (Please explain).
Thoughts racing, feeling embarrassed, unworthy, tension in the muscle; it was hard to sleep in such a situation. I could feel the silence at the same time could see a volcano erupt. I was feeling pain the chest. I was feeling bad about the situation.
  (ii) Was this bringing up something from the past? Please explain.
Yes, There were many incidences where I was led to believe by relatives that I am not worthy of anything just because of the fact that I was not as good as their sons and daughters in studying. I felt embarrassed and ashamed of myself to not do something about studying.                             (iii) Were there judgments or assumptions coloring your perspective? Please explain. Assuming that I will be able to manage things without experience, starting at the lowest level. This assumption was based on leading committees  in my undergrad, which I was totally wrong.
 (c) Apply Tool #3: Intention Results Map. Please explain.
(i) What came before intention? Please explain.
I was too focused to prove myself to everyone including relatives that I rushed into the decision of joining the company without any experience.
(ii) Looking back, what could have produced a better result and effect? Please explain.
Effect- Get recognized for my work. Result-To complete the order on time . Action- work with the workers properly. Choice I had was to make good relation with the head worker. Perception should have been that I won’t be able to handle so much in the first assignment and ask for help. Attention- to work and not think what people say. Intention-learn experience and grow.  
(17) What are the key lessons you have learned from this self-reflection analysis?             Take self reflection analysis from time to time, helped me write down what I used to feel and suppressed but never acknowledged it and now  I know where I made mistakes and what things to be improved. Always ask questions before joining company. Don’t just start at a top level when you don’t have experience in that field. Learn from the mistakes. Good relations will make life easier than yesterday. To have credibility and trust one needs to put in efforts. Being calm in a situation will make you think and work better than going out of the zone. Don’t believe what other people say about you; believe what you feel about yourself and if you don’t feel good about yourself try to change that. Put efforts in the job and don’t try to run away from problems.

LEAVE ONE FULL PAGE BLANK
(SO WE WILL NOT SEE YOUR NAME WHEN READING THE LAST PAGE)















Student ID #: REMOVED
Your name: REMOVED
ARE YOU GIVING PROFESSORS HUNTER AND SATHE PERMISSION TO DISTRIBUTE YOUR PAPER (AFTER REMOVING YOUR NAME AND ID) TO FUTURE STUDENTS? PLEASE CHECK ONE BOX BELOW: 
___No, do NOT distribute my paper without my name to future students
__Yes, you can distribute my paper without my name to future students
EITHER WAY, THANKS!



